 

Note: I'll keep updating this as we find more useful info throughout the bootcamp!
 

Integrated Terminal
toggle terminal: ctrl + ~
new terminal ctrl + shift + ~
Note: you cannot drag and drop from Finder to the integrated VS Code terminal. (It will open the file instead of copying the file path.)
Using VS Code
The most useful way to use VS Code is to open the folder that holds your entire project.
To do this, either go to File -> Open Folder
Or, on the command line: code my-project-folder
Open any file in your project: cmd + p
Toggling a comment: cmd + /
Selecting multiple occurences of the highlighted text: Cmd + d
Extending your cursor up: Cmd + Option + Up
Extending your cursor down: Cmd + Option + Down
List and switch between open windows: Ctrl + r
Editing your keyboard shortcuts
Click the "Code" menu in the upper right, then choose Preferences, then click Keyboard Shortcuts.
This brings up a search window with the text "Search keybindings"
Type part of the name of the shortcut (they usually have intuitive names like "Toggle comment")
Put your mouse over the item in the results list.
Click the pencil icon to the left of the item.
You will be prompted for a new key combination to use. Press those keys, and release. Then press Enter.
Repeat this for any other key combinations you'd like to customize. 
When you are finished, close the Tab.
Editing your settings
Press Cmd + , to open the Settings window
Search for setting you'd like to customize (for example, enter "tab" to search for "tabSize")
Put your mouse over the item in the results list.
Click the pencil icon to the left of the item.
Then click the menu item "Copy to Settings" that appears.
In the right hand panel, you should see a copy of that setting, and the current value should be highlighted.
Change the value to the desired value (for example, you could change the value of tabSize to 2).
Press Cmd + S to save your changes.
When you are finished, close the Tab (labeled "settings.json").
Useful settings
show "invisible" characters (tabs, spaces): "editor.renderWhitespace": true
Working with Python
Go to the View menu and choose Extensions.
This pulls up the Extensions window. Search for "python".
The first result should be the official python extension (a.k.a. plugin).
Click the Install button, then click Reload to activate the extentions.
Evaluate python directly in VS Code
Highlight a line (or several lines)
Right-click
In the menu that appears, click "Run Selection/Line in Terminal"
This should open the built-in Terminal and run your code. Neat!
When editing a python file, to get rid of the annoying green squiggles:
Go to this page and look at the Enable/Disable Linting section. It describes the setting for disabling the "linting" feature (which provides very nit-picky code styling recommendations).

Specifically, you will want to add the following setting:

"python.linting.enabled": false
Extending your cursor up: Cmd + Option + Up
